You can't do that in here.
Okay.
Who the fuck are you two?
Us?
We're...
Sammy?
Fruit, please.
Okie dokie.
Honey?
Eat the protein.
I am good.
Clean your plate, please.
Hey, that's dad's.
Hey, cut them some slack, okay?
Always.
Hold on.
I love you.
Hey, babe.
My friends are here.
Okay.
Have a nice...
Hey, hon.
I selected the basement so it wouldn't
wake you.
Uh-huh.
Okay, where's Brady?
I want to hear about the game.
Well, the other team was kind of,
you know, physical.
Yeah?
So he, um...
I'll let him tell you.
Very busy day.
We've got three showings and one condo.
I'll let you tell you.
And, uh... Oh.
Brady, sell your coffee.
You're gonna have to make some more for
me.
Uh... Gotcha.
You're bleeding.
All right, we should, uh...
Oh, damn it.
Hey!
Hey, buddy!
What's up, hon?
You know...
Summer breaks in just a few days.
And... We should do
something as a family.
Yeah.
I'll make a plan.
Today I'll make a plan and I'll tell you
tonight.
I'll make lasagna.
Sure.
No, I can do it.
I have one assignment today.
But then tonight you'll see the whole
thing planned out.
What's going on?
None of mine.
Here you are.
Looks like your day went long.
It was a bit more big, a bit more than the
prep set it would be.
The data card.
It was a straightforward snatch.
It started as a straightforward snatch.
You guys haven't fun at the convention?
Asshole, why aren't I here for the fucking
convention?
Where's the card?
Where's it?
Straightforward snatch.
Yeah, until of course they couldn't show
it up with the booties.
No, they had MP7s.
With MP7s.
Well, we always suspected there might be
another interested party in the mix.
Only one?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Might as well take a look at this living
of mine.
Brazilian.
Yeah.
With machetes.
The sharp kind.
Well,
I'd say it was worth it.
Because this checks out you.
Which brings you 800 grand closer.
And how much more do I owe?
30 million, give or take.
Your next mission.
I can't.
Arch, I'm trying to help you pay for
death.
One, we very graciously paid on your behalf
when you burned the Russian stack of money.
Are the rate you're going?
You're paid off with the Op Shank by
Sprint.
Gonna take a day.
I'm gonna take a break.
Good luck.
What do I need luck for?
You.
Take a break.
This job is in your nature.
In nature.
But we're sweet.
Wherever you go.
There you are.
Wild times await.
This summer, drive to Plummerville.
Snack dab in the middle of America.
That
commercial is really old.
Are you sure it's a little place?
Yeah, it's all there.
I checked.
It's the hotel and the water park,
the duck boats and the midway.
What's a duck boat?
It's like a bus that floats.
It's a military vehicle.
Grandpa will love it.
We're bringing grandpa?
Yeah, of course.
You know what?
I volunteer to stay home.
Yeah, that's not gonna happen.
Yeah, Brady, listen.
This is gonna be the most fun.
What happened to your eye?
Somebody fell me at the end.
What came?
The one you missed.
You're right.
We do need to spend more time together as
a family.
This is one of those places you went when
you were a kid.
Okay, but that makes it sound like I went
to a lot of places, okay?
Dad took us on one vacation.
One.
To Plummerville.
Listen, in life, when
times get tough, you need
to have happy memories
to carry you through.
And I just want to show you guys the place
that made me happiest.
You know, make some memories for you.
Would you let me do that, please?
What?
I don't know this one yet.
Okay.
All right.
Really?
Yeah.
Come on, kids.
It could be an adventure.
An adventure.
Hey, Dad.
You gotta put out the cigar.
Secondhand smoke.
No such thing.
Let's do this!
Stop!
Here?
Oldest water park?
Is that something we want to advertise?
Yeah, well, it's historic.
Kids, you're in here.
Oh, we're sharing a room.
And where's Grandpa sleeping?
He's next door.
Oh, how'd you think the kids are too old
to share?
Yeah, I'm sorry.
We can all sleep in the old lodge.
Nah, not gonna happen.
Just for me then.
Fine.
You and I have my room.
Oh, thank you.
Sammy, you got this all to yourself?
The honeymoon suite?
Oh, yeah!
That's what I'm talking about.
Whoo!
Look at that, huh?
Take it in.
Yeah.
This is where business gets done.
You don't like it?
No, I'm taking it in.
It smells of cigars.
But I'm happy that you're happy.
And then we're all together.
It's gonna be great.
Water park time.
Oh, water park.
It's like the tropics mix with Europe.
Hello?
Close.
Sorry.
What?
There's an incident.
Water park closed for the rest of the day.
For how long?
24 hours.
Here's a coupon for hot dogs.
Come again.
Sorry.
Babe, I'm out of here, kids.
Check it out, the old one.
Hot dogs.
Yo, sir.
Hey,
it's the Great Man's sales family
vacation, boy.
Wait till you see the launch.
You see mosquitoes bigger than this hot
dog?
Oh, God.
Something wrong, pal?
You got a problem?
Uh, no.
Sorry, I was just thinking.
You know, it's not polite to eyeball the
law.
Sorry, officer.
It's Sheriff.
Did I do something wrong?
I don't know.
Um, did you?
Um, Hutch?
Everything's good, huh?
Okay.
Mansell?
Uh, yeah, that's me.
Hot dogs are in.
Thanks.
Enjoy.
Hey.
Work the way and look what we got.
Coupang for the arcade.
That's how they get you.
All right.
All four food groups in one place.
Thanks, Mom.
I wanted to talk to you about that shiner
you got in the game.
The game?
Sorry, what's that?
I didn't get it in the game.
But you got followed, right?
Yeah.
Can I just, okay, catch my game?
It's not a big deal, right?
I won.
That doesn't make it... Yeah.
I'll be right there.
We will talk about this more later,
okay?
For sure.
Do you
guys want some tickets?
Sure.
Lunch?
Hey, Brady, why don't you get them all
wet?
I have one.
Look at us.
De-compressing like probes.
Yeah.
Is that a badger?
That one.
Hey.
Nerd.
Are you getting some nerds with your
tickets, nerd?
What's up?
Tell me you're sorry.
For what?
For hitting on my girl.
You're giving her tickets, man.
What if I tell you to fuck off?
Did I count?
Okay.
Come on in.
Last chance.
You don't want another Shiner on your
pretty city boy face, do you?
Hey.
Fucking shit!
What are you doing?
I'm coming into my own.
I'm starting a fight.
Sit on the fuck down!
Hey.
Get out of here right now!
Is that your kid?
He's not starting anything.
I've got cameras all over this place.
If you don't get your family right now,
you and I are going to have a problem.
We're leaving.
You heard me?
Okay.
All right, let's go.
Listen, I didn't do shit.
This guy did all of it.
My badger.
Leave it.
Ow!
Brady, hold up.
Hold up, sweetie.
Brady.
What?
I left my phone.
I'll be right back.
No, Hutch!
Hutch!
No!
Look at this!
Is that a phone separator?
How's that feel?
Hutch!
Sir, we were attacked.
And I don't understand why we are here.
I don't understand why those bullies are
not here.
Are we being charged with anything?
Okay, is your son prone to violence?
Is my... are you kidding me?
Ma'am.
I'm just trying to gather some
information.
Sir, if we're not being charged, I'd rather
not answer any more of your questions.
I understand protecting your sister,
Brady.
It's instinctual.
But there are other ways to handle things.
You serious?
You tell me to stay cool, but then you go
and lose your shit?
Which I thought was awesome.
By the way, you know
whether you... No, it wasn't.
I'm just saying, you have to be better
than your old man.
Whatever.
Let's go.
You know?
Not you.
Just Dad.
Sit your ass down.
You know who I am?
No.
But boy, you're sitting by in the
sheriff's desk.
I'm guessing you're somebody.
I am what I am.
My name is Wyatt Mark.
I run this town.
I'm Hutch.
I already know who you are.
You're the tourist fuck that my son.
Shut the fuck up.
Your son was the kid at the arcade.
Well, your son may have had something to
do with it.
Your son has got an attitude problem.
I'm pretty sure I'm staring at it.
My daddy built this town and he had a
rule.
Tourists get a free pass.
You know why, right?
Bread, butter, and all that.
But for this, your
son Brady, right there,
your son Brady messed
up my son's pitching arm.
I get it.
Do you?
I'll make my son apologize.
But you should watch the security camp
footage because one of those guys smacked
my daughter and I lost it.
What would you have done?
Walk him out.
Brady, come on.
So that's it, then?
We can go.
You're yourself in favor.
Keep going.
Get the boys together.
I didn't want to say to leave them alone.
I don't give a fuck what Wyatt says.
Get rid of them.
Can you not?
What the hell, Hutch?
On our first date?
I'm sorry.
You just had to bring that other side of
you.
Brady's already aggressive and do you know
why?
It's because of you.
Because he is watching you.
And what you do?
Look, I lost it.
It's over.
What's in the work bag?
What?
The black bag?
You've been trying to hide it.
Okay, so what's in it?
I'm not here for...
I made a promise to you.
And I meant what I said.
Yeah, I remember that promise.
Wine?
It's not just any wine.
It's from Puglia.
What were we meant?
And the year.
I'm sorry.
Where'd you find this?
EBay.
EBay?
No.
Until you ordered it?
It took like six weeks.
You planned it.
I knew you were the moment I met you.
I knew you were dangerous.
You were covered in blood.
Good times.
Oh, crap.
You've got an eye?
Really?
This is not a fair fight.
Sammy, where'd you go?
Sammy, wait for me.
Dad, it's where I am.
You got an A.
I warned you, this is a wonderland.
Ready?
Hi.
Grandpa doesn't know what he's missing.
Duck boats are super fun.
They're trustworthy, but they don't.
Four tickets for the...
That's... That's
not a duck boat.
Oh yeah, you see the big duck on the top?
No, I told my son that a duck boat is a
military vehicle.
More than one conflict.
I'm gonna... Okay, four tickets.
One kid.
We'll hand these out.
Really heavy duty, no spec.
School handedly caused our loss at NOM.
Yes.
Thank you.
Hello.
Sweetie, why don't you sit down?
That's right.
It's like a bus that floats.
It is like a bus that floats.
First down.
You're not coming?
I had too many churros with my macchiato.
I'll see you at the park.
What?
Have fun!
My macchiato.
Eat better!
Looks like it's in the lab.
All right, let's get this party started!
Grab them off my arm.
That's good.
Thank you.
Yeah, yeah.
Headphone should be on the bench.
Trying to seat in the back.
Just get comfortable.
Hold on really tight.
And we'll get going in a minute.
Let's go.
What's up, guys?
What do you know?
You were told to leave.
So what are you still doing in town?
Old man.
I'm here with my family.
Making memories.
Just making memories, huh?
There's no need for this.
This is all a big misunderstanding.
Hey, hold on!
Come on!
Hey!
Use your words!
No
One gets the ball.
But I got a fucking knife!
It's dead, motherfucker!
Hold on.
These waters are going to a native giant
bench.
Cool it, man.
Cool it.
Talk to me, okay?
Think of the children.
What?
That's what I'm fucking talking about!
You said you was just a fucking tourist!
That's all he was fucking told me!
You're going to bet it's a lot more
fucking money now, Dan.
You lost a tooth.
Fuck you!
You were
just being sat near that bar of shamisen,
my brother.
You just got back from Masaka,
right?
Yeah, and I mastered shit quickly.
What's up?
Hey, you remember Plumberville?
One of the happiest weeks of my life.
Yeah, mine too.
Yeah, I remember seeing
the other kids and their
parents and thinking
we were just like them.
And anyway, I came back here and...
Plumberville just isn't as friendly as I
remember it to be.
It's no trade route you since the
bootlegging days.
Why, you think Dad took us there for a one
and only family vacation?
Were you saying he was on a mission?
You got it, Hutchie Boy.
Oh, yeah.
The cops over there, Dan goes with the big
son again.
Hey, careful with that.
It's not my money.
I'm sorry, boss.
I didn't mean to fucking go around.
And they would not want a guy like you
sniffing around, bro.
How's it going?
Holy shit, this is a big shipment.
What's in the Lincoln thing?
The shit that's gonna land Latino in
Interpol's top 10.
This is great.
You want more guys here just in case
there's any more trouble?
Hey, don't cause any trouble, and there
won't be any trouble.
Remember who's boss here.
Got it.
I better get my son.
Watch this shit and be cool.
Want to take that?
Thanks.
We think Dad is eventually gonna grace us
with his presence, or...
Wild animals.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Don't go too near.
That's wild wolf dog.
That's still locked up, that one.
Well, Mom, you saved your wolf back when
you met Dad, right?
Oh, my god, the things.
But, you know, if you
gain their trust, I'll show
them that the world is
a safe place for them.
The world is safe.
What world is that?
Okay, let's go find Dad.
You caught a tourist, I heard.
You put up a bunch of a fight?
What's it?
I can't hear you.
Hey, turn that off.
Set it off!
What are you doing?
What was that?
Okay, keep that.
What about your teeth?
They crossed, though, okay?
They hit me in every light.
What the fuck are you talking about?
I'll have you at the guide, okay?
I don't think he's just a tourist.
Yes?
I've got a problem.
Of your own making, I said.
Denverville.
You heard of it?
It's a background.
Denver, drugs, guns, viruses and worse.
Come down from Canada and go on to points
unknown.
Where does the buck stop here?
They're a legacy.
Possibly an individual.
A unique individual called Landina.
Landina.
Wait.
Yes, ma'am.
No, no, no, no deal.
This requires a woman's touch.
I'm winning on a roll here.
Congratulations.
See how your luck goes.
Beautiful eyes.
Split.
Sure.
Hit me.
So how's your trip been going so far?
Shut up, Indio.
Plumberville is critical to Landina's
larger empire.
Oh, shit.
Aw.
It happens.
A lone wolf operates unburdened by any
constraints.
At all.
You piss off the Russian as they come to
your house with guns.
Landina and her squad will sway your
family on the front lawn and force you to
watch if you disrupt their situations any
further.
Yes.
Ha-ha.
Hey, me.
Ha-ha-ha.
I am winner.
I swear, I knew nothing.
No!
Nobody sees in my casino!
Yes!
You want to de-escalate the situation.
I mean, do you got any intel and address
or anything?
I don't know if you're a lead.
But hear me on this.
You're on your own, Arch.
Killer.
This was so easy, but I did see it now.
You know, you should never see those
terrible, terrible people.
What about them back there?
They've got witnesses.
Burn it down.
You got it.
That was fast.
Did it hurt?
No, I'm fine.
Maybe this is too soon.
That really, I'm fine.
My arm's feeling good.
Hold on.
Max, I have to take this damn call.
It won't be long.
What?
Well, that's no way to treat your business
partner.
Ex-partner.
This is my last shipment.
Oh, goodness.
My father's death is all paid up.
I can count.
This, you know, pays off the last of our
debt.
By my calculations, the debt will never be
paid off.
That's bullshitting, you know it.
Ain't nothing funny about what I said.
Your father died because he was
distracted.
Are you distracted?
I'm not my dad.
It's over.
Well then, we'll see.
Well...
Hello?
Hey, Max, where are you going?
Sheriff, you can just call me.
Sheriff.
I need to make sure Wyatt hasn't forgotten
who he works for.
Take something that really matters to him.
Got it.
Mom, it's your turn.
Hey, Mom.
Yes?
Dad, in trouble again?
Why, did you know something?
No, that's fine.
No.
I'm sure you did.
No, you didn't.
Handbaggers!
Hand spores!
I did it tonight.
Ah, so nutritious.
Yay!
Your dad's running late.
Come with me.
I promise you it's the way to go.
Amy, come on.
I'll be back up.
You talk to him.
Talk to him.
Got to move.
Okay.
Walk in real smooth.
Keep everything room temp.
Now, go escalating.
De-escalate.
Lead by example.
Hey, fellas.
What a mix-up.
It's a big shipment, but I
guarantee you we can do
more next time, except
those paintings are a bitch.
But you guys see what's in here?
Here is the special thing the boss lady
asked for.
Why spoil son?
I want you to tell the boss that I said it
was a pleasure to be of service.
Okay?
You understand?
Or do I need to get a fucking translator?
I need to get a fucking translator.
Hey, fellas.
Boss, how did you get in here?
The door.
Is that gasoline?
You're quick.
I said I could torch this money and go up
in a flash.
Whatever's in those barrels will go boom,
and most of you wouldn't make it out of
here, and those who do will have to answer
till andina.
I'm guessing this is all hers.
So then what the fuck do you want?
Okay, well...
I want a break.
A break?
I just want a fucking break.
So if I walk out of here, you leave me and
my family alone.
Because that's all I want.
To de-escalate this.
Are you fucking kidding me?
From the moment you've shown up,
you've put my men in the fucking ER.
There's no way you were just some family
man.
De-escalate?
Fuck you.
Hummerville was a-okay before you showed
up.
Wherever I go...
I could so easily kill you right now.
But... you're lucky.
You catch me on a good day.
Go.
Get the fuck out of here.
Go before I change my mind.
Fucking-
That's fucking nerve.
I told you to get the fuck out of here.
Okay, let's go.
Stop it, fuck it!
How much did we lose?
Everything.
The cash, the chemicals, the bio-case.
No.
All of it.
Wiped out all our men and got away with
Wyatt's son.
Who is the silent?
Nothing about him is turning up.
There is one oddity.
He had a family with him.
My valuable shipment
was blown up by a man
who's a tourist on a
fucking family vacation.
Does nobody play by the rules anymore?
Jesus fucking Christ.
I don't know who the fuck you are,
but you crossed a line asshole.
Sheriff.
What do you know about this threat?
I don't know, okay?
But I sent you the pictures, and they
haven't checked out of the hotel.
You might want to bring some others,
right?
How many of your, I guess, soldiers can
you bring with you?
Because he's...
Shut the fuck up.
I'm on my way.
This guy's an idiot.
Hey, son.
Look who finally shows up.
Hey, dad.
Everybody good?
Oh, everybody's doing great.
Your sound swing's a lot like a pro.
Dad.
Sammy.
How are you?
I'm good.
Oh, hey Brady, that's Max.
I brought him here, so be cool.
Good?
Yeah.
It's going to have to get that shiner
country boy.
Good.
You're staying for the night?
I would love to stay, but I still got some
heavy lifting to do.
You're right about that.
Let's go, Sammy.
Come on.
You can light the fire.
Arms length, Hutch.
You're supposed to keep danger at arms
length.
I didn't mean to.
Hutch, you promised me.
You promised.
You broke your promise.
I don't have...
I don't have control over this.
I'm just realizing that you should get
away from me.
Like a...
Like a... I'm not asking.
You don't tell me what to do.
There were a lot of things that most of
all, you're a dad.
And you're my guy.
So don't fix that shit.
Come on, Sean, answer your damn phone.
Come on, come on, come on.
I'm... You.
What the hell are you still doing to my
town?
Well, I could use your help.
No, no, no.
Be cool, I've got your son.
He's okay.
That's why my sons were a dead man.
You don't understand.
He's totally safe.
What the fuck do you mean?
He's like safe.
From my data.
We want the same things.
You burned all of it?
Yep.
You burned the money.
And whatever was in those chemical perils,
they'd be exploded.
You burned all of it?
I saved your son.
Thanks.
She's pure fucking evil, man.
She killed my dad.
Used able to take my son.
Backstabbing son of a bitch.
This empire that I inherited from my dad
came with a lot of debts.
Wild Bill.
He was a lot of fun for the man like the
bad odds.
And I'm still paying for his mistakes.
Latina has run this town for two fucking
generations.
I will not let my son be forced into this.
I know what you mean.
So what would she do if she found that you
burned her stash?
You burned?
Okay, what would she do?
Okay, how do I put this?
She's eradicated entire blood mines for
less.
She's absolutely bad shit crazy.
Fishes.
Where
is she right now?
She's definitely on her way here.
Man, it's time.
Hit
it, motherfuckers!
We had
plans to fight Lindina.
She got some first.
I'm not sure if any of it still works.
I wouldn't.
Now we lead her to the most dangerous
place in Plumberville.
Call for repair.
Hey, we just got you.
So sorry.
Postman has got to be made safe.
There you go.
He got three tools.
You're gonna get a free refund.
Let's go!
Now!
It must be hard to say goodbye to this
place.
You know, when my dad
brought us here... It's a curse.
What a park leaves like a motherfucker.
The funhouse is nothing but headaches.
No kid wants exactly what their dad built.
Really?
It's actually good to hear.
Who the fuck is that?
Harry?
You know, this place is much smaller than
I remember.
Oh, man!
This is my brother.
Harry!
Why, Martin?
Good to meet you.
What are you doing here?
I sense you was having an existential
crisis.
You know, pops, remember
that you left us alone in
that lodge for two nights
straight by ourselves.
And what we had to eat was hot dogs and
s'mores.
That's probably why I'm a vegan.
Well, you guys were safe.
Mostly.
Do you ever worry about us though?
I mean, like, who we'd become.
You mean, like, how you worry about Grady?
Yeah.
I want him to be... A
better man than you.
Yeah.
And he will be.
Believe it or not, you guys are
improvements on me.
Hey, listen.
You know where you're headed?
I got it.
Okay, you need any help up there?
Yeah, I got something else in mind.
What's that?
Some sort of cabin.
We think his family's there.
Take a team and go there.
The cartage.
Yes.
Scorched earth.
No prisoners.
They need a little bit of chocolate
inside.
If you're going to open this one,
you know what you're doing?
Yes, I do.
After all the offense, you just jump here.
Um, kids, I'm gonna go for a walk.
Have fun.
What?
You got this, Grady?
I'm gonna go for a walk.
Yeah.
Be safe.
Like,
and the new look really suits you,
ain't it?
You kid-mapping lookalike.
Cute.
You really lit a fuse when you did that.
No.
I think you did that the moment you
underestimated me.
See, I've been pushed around for long
enough.
So from now on, I'm the fucking man.
And this is my fucking town.
So give me your guns.
Walk in front of me, back to the car,
and maybe I'll get you out of this.
Maybe.
What if we say no?
All hell breaks loose.
Yeah, we'll take that.
What an ass-pain he is.
Take him out.
Copy that.
Open fire!
Move.
Hey, fellas.
What the fuck?
Hey, quiet.
Meet me at the pool.
I'm on my way.
What the six?
You are a goat.
Look at this!
Whoever's in there, never leaves.
The master's family
direct us, ape to console,
and bomb this left-feeling
hands to strangle.
Fuck!
What the fuck?
To a challenge, and to opportunity.
The fifth person.
What the fuck?
Hey, come here.
Don't do this.
And just do my job here.
Max!
Protect Sammy!
As soon as he challenged me, I took his
head.
Take him away.
Don't wait on the city to a fucking katana
duel.
That's possible, not one.
Please, don't get going.
What's up, nephew?
Your father will be proud of you,
Brady.
What?
I got shot in the fucking leg.
All right.
Hold that on there.
Thanks.
All right.
I'm going to check on my dad.
Dad!
Dundina?
Who sent you?
Nobody.
I'm here with my family, making memories.
What are you doing here?
I'm here for you.
You know, I like this little empire of
mine.
Operative or a family man, it doesn't
fucking matter because what I don't like
is people who try to fuck up my peace of
mind.
But you know, I'm just like that.
Ah!
If it isn't Mr.
Makin' Memories what
happened to my ties on the beach?
Don't just go and leave a trail of
destruction.
Everywhere you go.
Do you know how important this town is for
my business?
What the fuck are you thinking?
FBI Park Ranger?
Fuck!
You are a nobody.
And how?
You're going to lose everything.
And do you want to know why, buddy?
Because you fucked with the wrong bitch.
Take him out.
I'm bored with him.
Now, fuck face.
You think you can get away with this.
You need a lesson, asshole.
Fuck your memories.
Fuck your family.
And most of all, fuck you.
Die, fucker!
Fuck!
Who are you?
I must better have.
Fuck!
Back up!
Kill her.
What?
You heard the boss.
Kill her.
Fire!
And now, fuck her.
Oh, I think you're in trouble.
I love you.
I'm in trouble.
I'm so beautiful.
Whenever you reach for me.
I want you.
All night, all night, yeah.
Are they going to be okay?
Yeah.
Just another man's so fake.
Okay, sir.
We're
not gonna ask again.
Who are you guys?
Us?
We're uh... We're married.
Yeah, we're married.
Yeah.
Sir, I cannot do that.
There are bodies all over.
This is like a war zone.
I...
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir, I hear you.
Loud and clear, sir.
Yes.
You're free to go.
Get the keys.
For the cops.
Hutch, after this vacation?
Yeah.
We need a vacation.
We did it!
We went to Plummerville, and we came back
in one piece.
Yes!
Almost.
Now listen, one thing that will help us
never forget.
Yeah, so let's hear it.
What is the idea with this one?
Max and Lauren!
Did you call them sometimes?
Honey, I think we've caused them enough
trouble.
We can't wait for the next summer break.
We'll come with us, right, Grandpa?
I miss that.